README.md, before:

# Switchboard

Switchboard is a application for coordinating between local environments and
third-party hosts. Switchboard gets information about remote sites, sets up
local sites, and can be used to synchronize content between the local and
remote.

Switchboard currently supports operations on both Acquia and Pantheon sites.
Switchboard is not intended as a replacement for either Acquia Drush commands or
Pantheon's Terminus; those tools are designed for performing remote site
operations.

Switchboard is being actively developed to support
[Kalabox](http://www.kalamuna.com/products/kalabox/), an integrated workflow
solution for Drupal developers.

## Requirements

* Drush 5.1 or higher - https://github.com/drush-ops/drush
* PHP 5.3.3 or higher
* [Requests](https://github.com/rmccue/Requests) (installed using Composer)

## Installation

Switchboard should be installed and updated using git and Composer.

[Composer](http://getcomposer.org) is a dependency manager for PHP.

The easiest way to install Composer for *nix (including Mac):

    curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
    mv composer.phar /usr/local/bin/composer

More detailed installation instructions for multiple platforms can be found in
the [Composer Documentation](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md).

Once Composer is installed...

    # Download Switchboard.
    git clone https://github.com/fluxsauce/switchboard.git $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    # Download dependencies.
    cd $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    composer update --no-dev
    # Clear Drush's cache.
    drush cc drush

### Updates

    cd $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    git pull
    composer update --no-dev
    drush cc drush

## Documentation

Switchboard uses Drush's internal documentation system. To get a list of all
available Switchboard commands:

    drush --filter=switchboard

For a JSON list of available commands:

    drush help --format=json --filter=switchboard

## Demo

    # Login to Pantheon, a Provider.
    drush sw-auth-login pantheon user@example.com password
    # List available sites from a Provider.
    drush sw-site-list pantheon
    # Get information about a remote site.
    drush sw-site-info pantheon nameofsite
    # List remote site environments.
    drush sw-site-env-list pantheon nameofsite
    # Download the latest backup from the dev environment to current directory.
    drush sw-site-env-db-backup pantheon nameofsite dev .
    # Create a local project; site_id is shown in sw-site-info.
    drush sw-project-create nameofproject \
      --site_id=1 \
      --code_path=/srv/site/code \
      --files_path=/srv/site/files \
      --database_host=127.0.0.1 \
      --database_port=3306 \
      --database_username=dbuser \
      --database_password=dbpass \
      --database_name=dbname
    # List available projects.
    drush sw-project-list
    # Get information about a project.
    drush sw-project-info nameofproject
    # Update a field in a project.
    drush sw-project-update nameofproject --ssh_port=22
    # See the new information.
    drush sw-project-info nameofproject
    # Check out project locally.
    drush sw-project-vcs-clone nameofproject
    # Import database to project.
    drush sw-project-db-import nameofproject ./path/to/db.tar.gz
    # Get files from remote dev site via rsync.
    drush sw-project-files-rsync nameofproject dev down

Commit message:

Adding command to display hostname for a particular project; closes #39

README.md, after:

# Switchboard

Switchboard is a application for coordinating between local environments and
third-party hosts. Switchboard gets information about remote sites, sets up
local sites, and can be used to synchronize content between the local and
remote.

Switchboard uses Drush for validation and input. All commands can respond with
Drush format (default), or with JSON output using option ````--json````.

Switchboard currently supports operations on both Acquia and Pantheon sites.
Switchboard is not intended as a replacement for either Acquia Drush commands or
Pantheon's Terminus; those tools are designed for performing remote site
operations.

Switchboard is being actively developed to support
[Kalabox](http://www.kalamuna.com/products/kalabox/), an integrated workflow
solution for Drupal developers.

## Requirements

* Drush 5.1 or higher - https://github.com/drush-ops/drush
* PHP 5.3.3 or higher
* [Requests](https://github.com/rmccue/Requests) (installed using Composer)

## Installation

Switchboard should be installed and updated using git and Composer.

[Composer](http://getcomposer.org) is a dependency manager for PHP.

The easiest way to install Composer for *nix (including Mac):

    curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
    mv composer.phar /usr/local/bin/composer

More detailed installation instructions for multiple platforms can be found in
the [Composer Documentation](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md).

Once Composer is installed...

    # Download Switchboard.
    git clone https://github.com/fluxsauce/switchboard.git $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    # Download dependencies.
    cd $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    composer update --no-dev
    # Clear Drush's cache.
    drush cc drush

### Updates

    cd $HOME/.drush/switchboard
    git pull
    composer update --no-dev
    drush cc drush

## Documentation

Switchboard uses Drush's internal documentation system. To get a list of all
available Switchboard commands:

    drush --filter=switchboard

For a JSON list of available commands:

    drush help --format=json --filter=switchboard

## Demo

    # Login to Pantheon, a Provider.
    drush sw-auth-login pantheon user@example.com password
    # List available sites from a Provider.
    drush sw-site-list pantheon
    # Get information about a remote site.
    drush sw-site-info pantheon nameofsite
    # List remote site environments.
    drush sw-site-env-list pantheon nameofsite
    # Download the latest backup from the dev environment to current directory.
    drush sw-site-env-db-backup pantheon nameofsite dev .
    # Create a local project; site_id is shown in sw-site-info.
    drush sw-project-create nameofproject \
      --site_id=1 \
      --code_path=/srv/site/code \
      --files_path=/srv/site/files \
      --database_host=127.0.0.1 \
      --database_port=3306 \
      --database_username=dbuser \
      --database_password=dbpass \
      --database_name=dbname \
      --hostname=site.tld
    # List available projects.
    drush sw-project-list
    # Get information about a project.
    drush sw-project-info nameofproject
    # Update a field in a project.
    drush sw-project-update nameofproject --ssh_port=22
    # See the new information.
    drush sw-project-info nameofproject
    # Check out project locally.
    drush sw-project-vcs-clone nameofproject
    # Import database to project.
    drush sw-project-db-import nameofproject ./path/to/db.tar.gz
    # Get files from remote dev site via rsync.
    drush sw-project-files-rsync nameofproject dev down
